feat(docs): add resumable WebSockets + Edge Functions troubleshooting guides (#46178)
supabase/supabase: apps/docs/content/troubleshooting/edge-functions-worker-timeouts-and-websocket-drops.mdx

---
title = "Edge Functions worker timeouts and WebSocket drops"
topics = [ "functions" ]
keywords = [ "websocket", "timeout", "earlydrop", "wall clock", "cpu limit", "streaming", "cold start" ]
teams = [ "team-functions", "team-support" ]
types = [ "support" ]
---

## Background

Edge Functions run inside V8 isolates managed by a supervisor in `edge-runtime`.

The supervisor enforces resource limits:

- Wall clock time (`worker_timeout_ms`)
- CPU time (soft + hard limits)
- Memory usage

> It also supports early retirement (`EarlyDrop`) when the isolate appears idle:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It may retire early (`EarlyDrop` event) if the isolate is idle Isolate is considered idle if following conditions are met:
```
